MS Windows Sources
==================

  Copyright 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
  the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
  (at your option) any later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
  GNU General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
  along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

		Additional notice on Copyrights
		===============================

Many of these sources were originally produced using MS Visual Studio
and have to have fixed formats, including those of the comments, as
the files are semi-automatically generated. Many contain a specific
injunction not to edit them outside of MS Visual Studio. For this
reason copyright notices have not been included where there is any
doubt.

For the avoidance of doubt all the provisions of the above copyright
notice and the terms of GNU GPL v3 apply to everything in this
directory and to all subdirectories below it.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

These are actually a working set of programs, written originally for
MS Visual C++ using MFC in around 1992/3 together with a version of the
API library.

MFC is hugely inferior to the standard C++ library in millions of ways
for standard functions but we won't go into this here.

The original idea is to have SPQW as the client interface to
view/manage the spool queue, SPRSETW to configure parameters and
SPRSERV as a printer "daemon".

You can drag and drop files for printing into SPRSERV but you can also
use the poorly documented feature of Windows whereby you can print to
a file by setting up a pseudo-printer in WIN.INI and have SPRSERV
monitor that file and create print jobs.

I agree this is a horrible way of doing it but I don't know enough
about the internals of Windows to do it properly as
pseudo-printers. (Actually I don't want to either!).

So please can some nice kind person come and recode all this lot,
preferably stealing the GTK+ code so the interfaces all look the same.

Please note that the original Xi-Text and xt_* nomenclature has not
been touched so at the very least the API library needs hacking to
look like the GNUspool one.

Also note the need to have special entries on the hosts file on the
[LU]*x boxes. The gspl-hostedit program knows about this.

Enjoy!

John Collins February 2009
----------------------------------------------------------------------
$Id: README,v 1.3 2009/02/17 09:05:54 toadwarble Exp $
